# Wednesday February 3, 2021
Agenda:
Sprint 1 rubric, 
New member, 
TA final meeting, 
Proposal and presentation

## Notes
- We will start by going through rubric to make sure we covered everything.
- Tahmidul wanted to clarify the account management feature, whether he should break apart the feature into multiple features for drivers, restaurant owners, customers. We decided it should stay as one feature but break apart the user stories into separate user stories for drivers, restaurant owners and customers.
- A classmate reached out to us to see if he can join our group, we all agreed we should bring him on board. Ezra will respond to them to let them know our decision.
- Need to decide when we are meeting with TA either Thursday or Friday. We will aim for Thursday at 2:30 due to class schedules, if that doesn’t work out, we can try for Friday.
- Now that we’re mostly done with sprint 1, we have to get to work on proposal and presentation. Matt will start the proposal, will aim to get it done for Monday.
- Need to move all our user stories and features into sprint 2, everyone will make sure this is done.
- Next meeting on Monday to discuss proposal and presentation. After the proposal is done, we will then start working on moving everything into slide presentation and talk about who will present what.

At end of meeting did summary of meeting:
- Ezra will update readme with new user stories and features, close any sprint 1 tasks when completed.
- James will finalize meeting notes and upload to wiki and repository, update readme with frameworks and description.
- Matt will start working on proposal and update readme as well.
- Tahmidul will finish his user stories and features, approve prs and assist with any other left-over tasks.