# Tuesday January 26, 2021
Agenda:
Project Name, 
Team Name, 
Meeting with TA, 
Novelty and main features, 
Project Proposal, 
Go over sprint outline

## Notes 
- New team member, welcome Tahmidul to the group.
- James will email TA find out when they are available and what they are expecting us to have prepared, we will aim for a meeting for Friday. Ask during the meeting when we can set up a second meeting. 
- Deciding on further project details, Main idea: food delivery (Skip the dishes style) emphasis on safety. Project name Safeat: combines two main ideas. A feature we could include: contact tracing, talked about backend challenges with keeping track of everyone a driver has been in contact with. User would get notification, explaining they should get tested because a driver they have been in contact with has tested positive. 
- Team name: something about ancient gods? Thanatos:  Greek god of death
- Discussing proposal: What features and why? Contactless delivery, now days limiting contacts is important for everyone’s safety. Ezra will create a shared document where we can start writing some ideas down for features.
- Looked at rubric, discussed who will be doing what. Decided on branching strategy and using issue numbers as branch name. We will start writing down some main ideas for proposal but need meeting with TA to be able to finish the final draft. 
- After meeting we will start making tasks for Sprint 1 and assigning them to group members. Decided on 3 core features: contact tracing / account management, browsing restaurants, placing an order. 
- Discussed the possibility of having a subscription model which eliminates delivery fee and can actually save the user money over time. Placed in the backlog for now, will need to discuss further if we want to do that. 
- Agreed that we will use React for the front end and Python and Flask for the backend, with a MySQL database. 
- Lastly planned another meeting after meeting with TA to iron out the details of our project and proposal. Will aim to schedule the meeting sometime early next week.
